[Marketplace Contribution] Microsoft Teams - Content Pack Update (#35592)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftTeams/Integrations/MicrosoftTeams/README.md

Reviewer: I don't know what caused this, I didn't touch the Readme file.

    | Bot ID |  | False |
    | Bot Password |  | False |
    | Bot ID |  | False |
    | Bot Password |  | False |
    | Authentication Type |  | False |
    | Application redirect URI (for Authorization Code mode) |  | False |
    | Authorization code | For Authorization Code flow mode. Received from the authorization step. See the Detailed Instructions \(?\) section | False |
    | Default team |  | True |
    | Notifications channel |  | True |
    | Certificate (Required for HTTPS) |  | False |
    | Private Key (Required for HTTPS) |  | False |
    | Certificate (Required for HTTPS) |  | False |
    | Private Key (Required for HTTPS) |  | False |
    | Minimum incident severity to send notifications to Teams by |  | False |
    | Disable Automatic Notifications | Whether to disable automatic notifications to the configured notifications channel. | False |
    | Allow external users to create incidents via direct message |  | False |
    | The header of an external form hyperlink. |  | False |
    | Trust any certificate (not secure) | Do not check for Cortex XSOAR version 8 | False |
    | Use system proxy settings |  | False |
    | Long running instance |  | False |

>     | Listen port, e.g. 7000 (Required for investigation mirroring and direct messages) |  | False |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    | Listen port, e.g., 7000 (Required for investigation mirroring and direct messages) |  | False |
```

`ChatMember.ReadWrite` - Delegated
`Chat.ReadWrite` - Delegated

### microsoft-teams-chat-add-user

***
Adds a member (user) to a group chat.

#### Base Command

`microsoft-teams-chat-add-user`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| chat | The chat ID or group chat name (topic) to which to add the member. | Required | 

> | member | Display name/mail/UPN of user that should be added to the chat. Can be an array. | Required | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| member | Display name/mail/UPN of the user who should be added to the chat. Can be an array. | Required | 
```

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.chatId | String | The chat's unique identifier. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.id | String | Unique ID of the message. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.replyToId | String | ID of the parent chat message or root chat message of the thread. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.etag | String | Version number of the chat message. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.messageType | String | The type of chat message. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.createdDateTime | String | Timestamp of when the chat message was created. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.lastModifiedDateTime | String | Timestamp when the chat message is created \(initial setting\) or modified, including when a reaction is added or removed. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.lastEditedDateTime | String | Timestamp when edits to the chat message were made. Triggers an "Edited" flag in the Teams UI. If no edits are made the value is null. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.deletedDateTime | String | Timestamp when the chat message was deleted, or null if not deleted. | 

> | MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.subject | String | The subject of the chat message, in plaintext. | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.subject | String | The subject of the chat message, in plain text. | 
```

| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.summary | String | Summary text of the chat message that could be used for push notifications and summary views or fall back views. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.chatId | String | If the message was sent in a chat, represents the identity of the chat. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.importance | String | The importance of the chat message. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.locale | String | Locale of the chat message set by the client. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.webUrl | String | Link to the message in Microsoft Teams. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.channelIdentity | String | If the message was sent in a channel, represents the identity of the channel. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.policyViolation | String | Defines the properties of a policy violation set by a data loss prevention \(DLP\) application. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.eventDetail | String | If present, represents details of an event that happened in a chat, a channel, or a team, for example, adding new members. | 
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.from | String | Details of the sender of the chat message. | 

> | MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.body | String | Plaintext/HTML representation of the content of the chat message. Representation is specified by the contentType inside the body. | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| MicrosoftTeams.ChatList.messages.body | String | Plain text/HTML representation of the content of the chat message. Representation is specified by the contentType inside the body. | 
```
